ladies and gentlemen welcome my name's
Carrick and in this video we are going
to be doing something of a follow-up to
the previous video in which I shared
some ones who'd run all changes and
information with you Blizzard put up a
dev watercooler blog which I then
instantly transformed into a news video
for you but in the hour after that blog
went live to the wild developers started
answering questions on Twitter there was
a huge tweet fest and lots of new
information came to light specifically
about changes to rachels and removal of
certain abilities in the expansion bear
in mind please that when it comes to
Twitter you are limited to the amount of
characters you can use so there's not
going to be full explanations on these
but it's definitely an interesting list
of changes and i'm going to read these
for you and hopefully they'll all make
sense so let's begin with racials and
alliance the first one being Night Elves
the racial quickness now also increases
movement speed by 2% passively they also
got a new passive which is quite unique
and I am obviously quoting here touch of
Elune a new passive which grants 1%
haste at night one percent crit during
the day shadow meld is unchanged humans
humans lose the may / sword racials and
the human spirit becomes plus x2 to
secondary status of your choice every
man for himself is still being evaluated
itemization changes may mean no nerf is
needed gnomes escape artists dropped to
a one-minute CD which is down from one
and a half minutes and short blade
specialization became nimble fingers 1%
haste also has been a tweak to expansive
mind it was plus five percent max mana
now it's plus five percent max mana
energy rage or runic power dwarfs have
lost crackshot and may specialization
they've gained might of the mountain
which is a passive that adds two percent
crit damage or so there's a change to
stone form it removes magic and
vs however it still cannot be used while
cc'd and it is still not a CC break
finally for alliances dren I heroic
presence is now plus x2 your primary
stat gift of the naaru heels for the
same amount but over five seconds please
bear in mind that some stats are being
removed altogether in Wallace Adreno and
that is hit and expertise moving on to
the Horde visuals that starts off weird
the tauren endurance becomes plus X
stamina Duan is a new passive which
increases quick damage / healing by 2%
orcs orcs were one of the outliers
Blizzard deciders bring down they've
lost that axe specialization and
hardiness is ten percent sun reduction
down from fifteen percent blood fury is
unchanged undead are apparently seeing
relatively few changes they're having
tweaks to the scaling rate of touch of
the grave and wrath of the Forsaken will
be a three minute cooldown up from two
minutes goblins not much to say about
goblins they were around baseline
apparently time as money becomes one
percent hast not just attack speed or
car speed blood elves they gain arcane
acuity a one-percent click passive
arcane torrent now restores 20 runic
power or 1h Opio or three percent manner
or sochi trolls will be receiving a
change to berserking it's been reduced
to fifteen percent haste which is down
from twenty percent so that's it for the
racial changes that we know of so far
these were all as I say tweeted out in
the hour directly after the blog post
went lives and none of this information
was in the blog post now we can talk
about some changes to abilities and
itemization there was a lot of questions
being fired at céleste alone and linker
again being answered on Twitter when it
comes to itemization these guys say
based on our experiments with the siege
of orgrimmar trinkets we're holding off
on doing amp and cleave as stats at
least four
now and there's some upcoming secondary
stats crit haste mastery readiness multi
strike you think five is enough for now
we'll make sure none are terrible okay
changes to abilities they decided to
keep bloodlust and heroism and of course
time warp and ancient hysteria as the
only raid wide throughput cool down no
more storm lash or skull banner
exploring an idea where preparation
becomes a passives details are still
being worked out scatter shot is gone
and traps arm and activate instantly
someone had a question regarding the
removing of cooldowns which they say is
likely going to be cut for farewells
berserk or tiger fury of both the answer
to this question was both of those are
staying Tigers fury is on the border
between feeling like a DPS cool down and
a rotational button a second question
this guy says I understand if this is
too specific read pet car CC is freeze
going away if so is there room for a non
CC replacement the answer was water
elemental freeze is staying however
there is a minor talent teachers squirt
a new spell that shares a cool down with
it warbringer will be a short stun off
diminishing returns players will be able
to get the same behavior with the talent
charge will become a route Blizzard
stance was that they liked the change
but five point four point seven wasn't
the right time to do it they're also
reducing crit damage done to players by
twenty-five percent ie quits do a
hundred and fifty percent damage against
players damage will be more consistent
holy paladins had a whole bunch of cool
downs and these have been merged or some
of them have been merged together
finally there's being a push made for
glyph of bear trap which replaces snake
trap snakes with bears alright so that's
all the extra information I have for you
I think it was probably a better idea to
put all of this into a second video
otherwise the first one would have been
very very lengthy and a lot to digest
all at once I hope you found this video
series useful if you do please do go
ahead and hit the like button don't
forget to leave your important comments
below
letting me know what you think of these
changes and what you might have concerns
about as always thank you for watching
my name's Couric and I see you in the
next video